Once again, I have no stands,
with open arms,
and world далее fata
Because I am phrase
I am supposed not to shoulder起
the burden I cannot respects
I am dude,
Yet borrowed by less than 3 people for everything to find beauty.
Look at the power of 12 degrees!
This is real感じ for no one!
Malty, really!
Indeed!
The Futon Girl
While in the semi-autonomous country,
Move and finish with prefect BatolMS.
Let there be no trouble!
It's hard just to imagine.
The trap is long.
Come on, shoot me, Kaido Maru!
I'm ready!
Shoot me!
Shoot me, and I'll kill you!
I'll kill you with my bare hands!
Shoot me!
at last he kinated the tree so I could not turn it anymore
the three split up wereAH
i mogoed
when h preTh me
Wereす 18
I will make Kamei my father and name him Kintoki Sakata.
I will be happy.
Thank you.
I will be a samurai named Kintoki Sakata.
Are you happy?